Run collectors docs modified (#235)
replicatedhq/troubleshoot.sh: docs/source/collect/run.md

ImagePullSecret field accepts the following parameters:

- If a pre-existing ImagePullSecret is used:
  - ##### `name` (required):
  The  name of the pre-existing secret.
```yaml 
imagePullSecret:
            name: my-image-pull-secret
```

- If an ImagePullSecret will be created for the run collector to pull the image:
  - ##### `name` (optional)
  - ##### `data`
      - ###### `.dockerconfigjson` (required)
      A string containing a valid base64-encoded docker config.json file.
  - ##### `type` (required)
    A string indicating that the secret is of type "kubernetes.io/dockerconfigjson".
```yaml
imagePullSecret:
            name: mysecret
            data: 
              .dockerconfigjson: ewoJICJhdXRocyI6IHsKCQksHR0cHM6Ly9pbmRleC5kb2NrZXIuaW8vdjEvIjoge30KCX0sCgkiSHR0cEhlYWRlcnMiOiB7CgkJIlVzZXItQWdlbnQiOiAiRG9ja2VyLUNsaWVudC8xOS4wMy4xMiAoZGFyd2luKSIKCX0sCgkiY3JlZHNTdG9yZSI6ICJkZXNrdG9wIiwKCSJleHBlcmltZW50YWwiOiAiZGlzYWJsZWQiLAoJInN0YWNrT3JjaGVzdHJhdG9yIjogInN3YXJtIgp9
            type: kubernetes.io/dockerconfigjson
```

> Further information about config.json file and dockerconfigjson secrets may be found [here](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/pull-image-private-registry/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Further information about config.json file and dockerconfigjson secrets may be found [here](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/pull-image-private-registry/).
```

> `imagePullSecret` support was introduced in Kots 1.19.0 and Troubleshoot 0.9.42.

> This field accepts secrets of type dockerconfigjson or the name of a preexisting secret in the cluster, to be used as ImagePullSecret.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This field accepts secrets of type dockerconfigjson or the name of a pre-existing secret in the cluster, to be used as ImagePullSecret.
```

        imagePullPolicy: IfNotPresent

```
## Examples using private images with `imagePullSecret`

### Using a preexisting secret

> If the secret used to pull the image exists already in the cluster, you can use it by providing the run colector with the name of such secret.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a pull secret already exists in the cluster, you can use it by providing the run collector with the name of the secret.
```

```yaml
spec:
  collectors:
     - run:
         collectorName: "run-ping"
         image: busybox:1

>          namespace: default

Reviewer: Let's make it a complete, working example.
```suggestion
         namespace: default
         command: ["ping"]
         args: ["-w", "5", "www.google.com"]
         imagePullPolicy: IfNotPresent
```

Reviewer: Or use a different image, like `image: privateimage`, but you should still provide an example `command`, even if it doesn't really work.

Reviewer: Same for the example below.

         imagePullSecret:
            name: mysecret
```

### Using dockerconfigjson secrets

> ImagePullSecret accepts only secrets of type `type: kubernetes.io/dockerconfigjson`. ImagePullSecret.data field takes only one argument, `.dockerconfigjson`, which must contain a valid base64 encoded config.json string. Further information about config.json file and .dockerconfigjson secrets may be found [here](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/pull-image-private-registry/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ImagePullSecret accepts secrets of `type: kubernetes.io/dockerconfigjson`. ImagePullSecret.data field takes only one argument, `.dockerconfigjson`, which must contain a valid base64 encoded config.json string. Further information about config.json file and .dockerconfigjson secrets may be found [here](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/pull-image-private-registry/)
```

Reviewer: But also, some of this content should be in the reference part of the docs, not buried in the example. Example should just be used to clarify the docs and bring them to life.

```

> ## Examples using `imagePullSecret`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Examples using private images with `imagePullSecret`
```

### Using a preexisting secret

If the secret used to pull the image exists already in the cluster, you can use it by providing the run colector with the name of such secret.

```yaml
spec:
  collectors:
     - run:
         collectorName: "run-ping"
         image: busybox:1
         namespace: default
         imagePullSecret:
            name: mysecret
```

### Using dockerconfigjson secrets

ImagePullSecret accepts only secrets of type `type: kubernetes.io/dockerconfigjson`. ImagePullSecret.data field takes only one argument, `.dockerconfigjson`, which must contain a valid base64 encoded config.json string. Further information about config.json file and .dockerconfigjson secrets may be found [here](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/pull-image-private-registry/)

Troubleshoot will create a temporary secret, use it to pull the image from the private repository and delete it after the run collector is completed.

```yaml
spec:
  collectors:
     - run:
         collectorName: "run-ping"
         image: busybox:1
         namespace: default
         imagePullSecret:
            name: mysecret
            data: 

>               .dockerconfigjson: ewoJICJhdXRocyI6IHsKCQksHR0cHM6Ly9pbmRleC5kb2NrZXIuaW8vdjEvIjoge30KCX0sCgkiSHR0cEhlYWRlcnMiOiB7CgkJIlVzZXItQWdlbnQiOiAiRG9ja2VyLUNsaWVudC8xOS4wMy4xMiAoZGFyd2luKSIKCX0sCgkiY3JlZHNTdG9yZSI6ICJkZXNrdG9wIiwKCSJleHBlcmltZW50YWwiOiAiZGlzYWJsZWQiLAoJInN0YWNrT3JjaGVzdHJhdG9yIjogInN3YXJtIgp9

Reviewer: Why is there a `.` in front of it, when the type is without a dot?

Author: It is k8s specification for this type of secret. I don't know why exactly there is a point there, but maybe it has to be with the path where the original file should be(at least in linux and macos) '~/.docker/config.json'

        imagePullPolicy: IfNotPresent

```
## Examples using private images with `imagePullSecret`

> ### Using a preexisting secret

Reviewer 2: is this correct or should it be `pre-existing`? I'm not sure what the proper use is.

Author: I think actually both are accepted, oxford dictionary uses pre-exist and some american english dictionaries use preexist. I used it without hyphen but mark suggested otherwise, and I think it looks better with the hyphen...more readable maybe.

Author: I added the hyphen

Reviewer 2: Cool, yeah that's what I found as well, agree the hyphen makes it more readable, thanks!

        imagePullPolicy: IfNotPresent

```
## Examples using private images with `imagePullSecret`

### Using a preexisting secret

If a pull secret already exists in the cluster, you can use it by providing the run collector with the name of the secret.

```yaml
spec:
  collectors:
     - run:
         collectorName: "myPrivateApp"
         image: my-private-repository/myRestApi
         namespace: default
         args: ["go", "run", "main.go"]
         imagePullSecret:
            name: mysecret
```

### Using dockerconfigjson secrets

> ImagePullSecret accepts only secrets of type `type: kubernetes.io/dockerconfigjson`. ImagePullSecret.data field takes only one argument, `.dockerconfigjson`, which must contain a valid base64 encoded config.json string. 
> 
> Further information about config.json file and dockerconfigjson secrets may be found [here](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/pull-image-private-registry/)
> 
> Troubleshoot will create a temporary secret, use it to pull the image from the private repository and delete it after the run collector is completed.

Reviewer: We can remove the redundant information now.

```suggestion
Troubleshoot will create a temporary secret, use it to pull the image from the private repository and delete it after the run collector is completed.
```
